docs: update Kyverno CLI reference for 1.18 new capabilities (apply and test) (#1972)
kyverno/website: src/content/docs/docs/subprojects/kyverno-cli.mdx

- `summary.skip: 1`: The final count reflects that one rule was skipped.

### Using `--exceptions-with-policies`

> In Kyverno 1.18, the `--exceptions-with-policies` flag lets you bundle `PolicyException` resources alongside their associated policy files, rather than passing them separately with the `--exception` flag. This is convenient for organizing exceptions co-located with policies in the same directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--exceptions-with-policies` flag lets you bundle `PolicyException` resources alongside their associated policy files, rather than passing them separately with the `--exception` flag. This is convenient for organizing exceptions co-located with policies in the same directory.
```

When `--exceptions-with-policies` is set, the CLI automatically loads any `PolicyException` resources it finds within the paths provided as policies. You do not need to pass an additional `--exception` flag.

For example, given a directory layout like:

```
policies/
  disallow-host-path.yaml    # ValidatingPolicy
  exempt-hostpath-pod.yaml   # PolicyException for the above policy
```

You can run:

```bash
kyverno apply policies/ --resource /path/to/resource.yaml --exceptions-with-policies -p
```

This is equivalent to:

```bash
kyverno apply policies/disallow-host-path.yaml --resource /path/to/resource.yaml --exception policies/exempt-hostpath-pod.yaml -p
```

### Applying Cleanup Policies

> Starting with Kyverno 1.18, `kyverno apply` accepts `CleanupPolicy` and `ClusterCleanupPolicy` resources. When applied, the CLI performs a local dry-run evaluation of the cleanup rules against the provided resources. It does **not** call the Kubernetes delete API. The evaluation checks namespace matching, `match`/`exclude` conditions, and any `conditions` defined in the policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kyverno apply` accepts `CleanupPolicy` and `ClusterCleanupPolicy` resources. When applied, the CLI performs a local dry-run evaluation of the cleanup rules against the provided resources. It does **not** call the Kubernetes delete API. The evaluation checks namespace matching, `match`/`exclude` conditions, and any `conditions` defined in the policy.
```

Test Summary: 2 tests passed and 0 tests failed
```

### Testing `mutateExisting` MutatingPolicies

> Kyverno 1.18 adds support for testing `MutatingPolicy` resources that use `mutateExisting: true` rules — rules that mutate resources already present in the cluster (rather than the incoming admission request). When the `mutateExisting` flag is set on a rule, the rule is triggered by a separate **trigger** resource and mutates one or more **target** resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI also supports testing `MutatingPolicy` resources that use `mutateExisting: true` rules, rules that mutate resources already present in the cluster (rather than the incoming admission request). When the `mutateExisting` flag is set on a rule, the rule is triggered by a separate **trigger** resource and mutates one or more **target** resources.
```

policies:
  - policy.yaml
resources:
  - trigger-deployment.yaml
targetResources:
  - configmap.yaml
results:
  - policy: add-label-on-deployment
    rule: add-label-to-configmap
    resources:
      - my-configmap
    patchedResources: patched-configmap.yaml
    result: pass
```

```sh
$ kyverno test .

Loading test  ( kyverno-test.yaml ) ...
  Loading values/variables ...
  Loading policies ...
  Loading resources ...
  Loading exceptions ...
  Applying 1 policy to 1 resource with 0 exceptions ...
  Checking results ...

│────│─────────────────────────│───────────────────────│───────────────────────────────────│────────│────────│
│ ID │ POLICY                  │ RULE                  │ RESOURCE                          │ RESULT │ REASON │
│────│─────────────────────────│───────────────────────│───────────────────────────────────│────────│────────│
│ 1  │ add-label-on-deployment │ add-label-to-configmap │ v1/ConfigMap/default/my-configmap │ Pass   │ Ok     │
│────│─────────────────────────│───────────────────────│───────────────────────────────────│────────│────────│

Test Summary: 1 tests passed and 0 tests failed
```

### Testing HTTP/Envoy Authorization Policies

> Kyverno 1.18 adds support for testing `ValidatingPolicy` resources that use the `HTTP` or `Envoy` evaluation modes via the `kyverno test` command. These policies validate HTTP or Envoy authorization check requests rather than Kubernetes resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of kyverno-kubernetes resources, the CLI supports testing for `ValidatingPolicy` resources that use the `HTTP` or `Envoy` evaluation modes (for the [kyverno-authz](https://github.com/kyverno/kyverno-authz) server) via the `kyverno test` command. These policies validate HTTP or Envoy authorization check requests rather than Kubernetes resources.
```
